2012 was the best year of my life!
That’s when
the “Become Jehovah’s Friend” series began.
This series helps us all learn about Jehovah.
But maybe you wonder, ‘How does it get made?’
Let’s take a little field trip and find out.
It all starts with the Governing Body.
Here you go, Caleb.
Thanks!
They carefully choose
what lessons they want to teach us.
Then, they give those ideas
to the animation team at Bethel.
They talk about it;
then they make a story!
Now it’s ready to record!
Caaaaaleb!
Time for dinner!
After that,
the artists make the story into pictures.
They draw houses and chairs,
airplanes and bikes,
and 3-D people!
The team puts the pictures
together to make a movie.
Wow! Nice drawings!
What happens next?
Have you ever made stuff with clay?
Well, that’s what the modelers do,
except on the computer.
Something is missing,
oh, yeah, color!
That’s better.
So they write a story,
record voices,
and design the characters.
Do you know what comes next?
Hey! What’s going on?
Caleb, do you need help?
Urrr.
I can’t move.
That’s because you need a rig.
A rig?
3-D characters need bones and muscles,
just like people.
These bones along with hundreds of controls
are called a rig.
Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa!
Could you please stop doing that?
Do you want to test out that rig?
Whoa!
Are you all better?
Now I am!
Now it’s animation time!
Animators make 3-D people come to life!
First, they study people.
Then, they can make
3-D people do the same thing.
Hey, what happened?
It looks like we’re missing something.
What?
We need lights.
That way everyone can see us.
Can someone please turn on the lights?
Thanks!
Whoa!
That’s much better.
Do you see all these pieces flying around?
Somebody has to put them together.
That’s pretty cool!
Hey! Why is it so quiet?
They need to make the sound effects!
Sometimes they get to play with toys.
Then they write music.
That includes new songs, like “Pray Anytime.”
Look at all these kids!
Kids around the world
record songs in over 100 languages.
Hey! Why do we sound so funny?
What we say needs to be changed
into other languages
so that kids all over the world
can understand us.
They even translate us into sign language.
Jehovah loves children.
This series teaches them
more than what is right and wrong.
It teaches them that Jehovah is real.
And it helps them to become His friend.
Thank you, Jehovah, for the videos.
Thank you, Jehovah!
Thank you, Jehovah, for Caleb.
I want to be Jehovah’s friend too,
just like them.
Do you?